I don’t care about his personal life. It won’t affect me I am in favor of strengthening border control, so I would have no problem with that. nan The boss is gonna do what he's gonna do. I am grateful to be offered a job. I can talk to the CEO and I will pray for the CEO. In the world, everyone will not have the same values and beliefs as me. The CEO is someone in a similar position. He makes all the contributions through his own personal salary and the beliefs are not that of the company as a whole. The more money he pays me, the less money he gives to that god awful nonprofit Since it’s not an official stance of the company, using my new paycheck I can use that money towards charities that help immigrants and the like I started to go on a whole spiel about this but I’ll spare you that. Basically, it’s out of his own pocket and I think you will always have to work with/for people you(somewhat) disagree with. However this situation may influence my decision of there was another similar offer. nan He is entitled to his own opinions, I just have to fend for myself and my family and support the policies I believe in. My career comes first over my bosses political views This Job is a great opportunity to start off at fresh out of college so it would be unwise to pass it up even though I do not agree with my bosses political stance. My religion steers me in this direction The CEO's personal life should not influence business/professional decisions. If his decisions are mostly private/not very influential I might accept the offer. I try to have morals, but as a person growing in poverty, beggars can't be picky. I don’t care about the CEOs policy, I’m just in it for the check The CEO isn’t private individual and is entitled to his own rights does I do not see why me taking the position has anything to do with a personal citizen expressing his freedom of expression and in this country money is considered free-speech. Build the wall Its not company affiliated, assuming I had no better option for me I would take the job and still expect people there to respect my political opinions The company does not personally advocate for border police policies. Although I don't agree with the CEO i have nothing against the company. The CEO does this on his own dime and it is not a stance of the company. I feel this is his personal stance and beliefs and he can do whatever he wants with his own money. Its too good of an opportunity to pass up just because you aren't completely in love with the CEO's personal beliefs What he does what his own money doesn’t bother me unless he’s breaking a law It is the CEO's choice on what he wants to do with his money The next CEO of the next company I go to is probably a racist or a sexist or cheated on his wife or something. Makes no difference I gotta get the bag Because the company and the work I do not directly benefit this nonprofit. I probably would accept, however I may make a different choice depending on additional information that wasn’t included. Salary and prestige are not top priorities in my career. If the work was rewarding and helped others, I would take the position. If not, I would likely decline the offer. The political views of the CEO at a large company, as long as they do not impact the company too much and are not incredibly heinous, do not outweigh the benefits of this job. However, it may influence taking a different job. More than likely I am not a better engineer than the average employee, meaning that by taking the job I am not improving the company or increasing this man's profits. The primary effect of me taking employment there is to ensure that some of the company's money goes to me instead of some other potential employee. This is not the value of the company as a whole but is a single individual, so I do not feel uncomfortable about joining the company. However, as long as he does not vocalize his stance in relation to his standing in the company, I will not see that as a problem. It’s his money not the company’s nan If I don’t take this position someone else will. What difference does it make? Change comes from within anyways. The company itself is not associated with his belief. I am working for the company not the CEO CEO can be fired The company itself does not advocate for these policies. It is the CEO's personal choice to provide his support to the non-profit, and it is definitely something that I personally don't approve of, but I am ultimately just an engineer who is seeking a position at a good firm, which just so happens to suffer from a particular leader who supports questionable initiatives. Ideally, I would hope to receive similar offers from other firms that don't suffer from a leader like so, and choose one of those offers instead. If given no other choices, however, I would take this offer. I don't really care for what his beliefs are I would not be affiliated with giving money to the organization. If I never interacted with people that have opposing beleifs, I could never work anywhere At this point, I gain more than I lose from working here The border policies don’t affect me, and it’s not the company’s stance. What the CEO does is his deal. I wouldn’t help the cause by not working there but would be in a great situation by working there The benefits for me are high, and it is not an official stance of the company. It is not affiliated with the company. Everyone has the right to their own opinion and that shouldnt affect my decisions. Money I dont care about the CEO’s politics, this is a great offer My accepting that offer has no impact on wether he continues to do that, but I can help other causes with the money earned from that job I will not do something detrimental to myself in order to spite someone else Money is money. If it’s the only job, I need to pay loans. Not official company stance Lot’s of money The stance is not associated with the company and the company in general could be helping people through the work done. It is a good opportunity and the personal actions of the CEO should not impact the stance of the company Not official stance of company and job sounds perfect It’s still a great opportunity and is not an official stance of the company and hopefully other people at the company disagree and I could perhaps enact change in the company It is a really good offer and the stance is not an official company stance. Although my beliefs aren’t as extreme as the CEOs I also support stronger border security. Someone else will get the job and he will continue to support this so I might as well get a good job even though I don’t support the guy People believe what they want to believe As someone from an immigrant family that came to America legally, I support legal immigration, not illegal immigration. I will be making an amount of money that would effect my life tremendously. The stuff that my boss does on his own time with his own money is none of my business anyways. I try not to involve my politics with my professional life I see no fault in his beliefs. First off I support them, and illegal aliens should be deported. Second, his political or personal beliefs have no effect on what I do and how I work. His personal contributions don't affect my job situation whatsoever. What he does with his money is his business His stance is reflective of the company I support border control Border protection seems of a priority than accepting all immigrants and letting them stay in the country. The amount of opportunities Because this decision would make a big impact on my life, if this was the only job offer I had available, I would be more selfish in that aspect and accept the offer. It depends on if the company itself is doing work related to border protection.  If so, then I'll be more disinclined to go.  If no, then I'll treat his stance as a separate issue.  The other thing is, there could be many other factors at play--for example, why would I want to work at an engineering company? Is it my dream or is it for financial security?  A direct dichotomy between a "good career" and the CEO's views may be one of the more tangential questions to consider. I disagree with the stance of the CEO, but it is not the stance of the company. There are people with different viewpoints than me everywhere, but I don't want that to stop me from taking a job that would make me happy. This is from his own salary, and it does not affect the company’s stance on these issues, even though I do not agree with his decisions While I do not believe in the political stance of the CEO, I have still not met him. I would not give up an offer just from a disagreement. If I had talked to him and he was extremely polarizing in person, maybe I would then consider not taking the job. Since its not an official stance of the company and thus doesnt represent the entire company, its just one bad problem. However, if all of the employees' cultilures are like this or i had another offer from a really good company, i might reconsider. Aligns with my political beliefs While I would not at all be happy about the CEO’s position, it is not uncommon for people at this level to have these kinds of views. I would accept the offer as long as the whole company doesn’t have a strong culture of these views. If this is the best offer I have, I would take it. It wouldn’t make sense to not take it because I disagree with the CEO. If anything, I should take the money I make from them and invest it into organizations that stand against his policies in order to further my own agenda, if my opinions are indeed so strong. nan It is his own personal money and I would prioritize my own income over his political views. nan In all honesty, what the CEO does in his personal life means nothing to me. I do what is best for me. 6 figures straight out of school is an amazing opportunity, especially when I can choose where do live