I probably have other fairly lucrative offers, wouldn't want to live with the guilt of choosing a company with an immoral CEO I desire to work at a company with whom I share values with, and in a community that shares my values. Even if the CEO is not using corporate funds and his view is only his personal view, I think I would still feel uncomfortable knowing that the CEO of the company I work for is supporting detainment of immigrant children, something I am very strongly against and which I believe is a human rights violation. I already have several job offers, and my work would be funding concentration camps if I chose this job. I would not work for a company where I do not agree with the people / personal beliefs. political reasons I would like to work somewhere where my own beliefs somewhat align with that of the company's and the higher ups. I would not accept it if I didn't agree with the CEO's morals. nan Though it would also depend on other offers, I think the character and beliefs of the CEO could also be found within those they hire. Additionally, I would feel uncomfortable contributing to gaining the CEO money that he could put towards such activities. If I've got other offers, I'd rather not work for a company led by someone whose values are in question. It’s important to me that the company I work for doesn’t have drastically different values from me. I would not feel comfortable working for companies who are linked to policies I don't agree with. There are other companies that are equally competitive that I can apply for. As long as I knew about the CEO ahead of time, I would not want to be a part of that work environment, even if I did not directly interact with them. I won’t work for someone who supports something I strongly oppose. nan Moral alignment of a company is something important for my willingness to be employed by the company If the people of this company is led by someone of this mindset of not going cross borders and promoting diversity, then I don’t want to be in this work environment If I can get a job offer from this company, I can find one that supports my morals. nan I dont support the use of the ceos money I want to make the world a better place not a worse one nan I don’t know if I want a job at a large engineering firm. It conflicts with my personal beliefs and unless I truly believe in what the company does, this wouldn't be worth it for me. I don’t know if I can trust his other decisions or work under him. I don't think the benefits of working at this company is worth compromising my morals and strong belief in ensuring basic human rights for immigrants nan I feel morally obligated not to take the position. Clearly I am a sought after asset in the job market if I have several job offers. I have also seemingly gone out of my way to seek out this personal information about my boss, so it must be an important issue to me.  As someone who has lived near the Mexico-US border, I don't believe people are informed enough about the deeper issues surrounding immigration and thus would not support a boss who thinks he does. I feel like this is not the type of job that I would eventually like. I also want a more neutral company.