Quality nan I’m picky about my makeup, so I would prefer the higher quality brand to the lower quality brand. I’m poor I really don't care about animals. I'm still fighting the USA for rights as a human being at the moment, animal rights take a backseat. Brand 1 because I just are about the product Most cosmetic products are tested on animals I like animals Every company is not completely moral so I don't care how they get the better product, but I would rather have the better one. Cheaper better product nan nan Cost and quality are the most important, and while animal testing is too, the former outweigh the latter. I don't see reasonably responsible use of animal testing as a problem. nan I’m not as concerned with animal testing as with other human rights issues. My usual priority is price, so even though it sounds bad, I would go with brand 1 I am not personally afflicted by the use of animal laboratory test subjects, and therefore I will choose the higher quality and cheaper product. Again I don't really care about what the product was unless it had chemicals that could kill me I typically just buy the cheaper product I would go with the less expensive option I tend to focus more on the short term Better, cheaper product. I’m not PETA. nan I’m spending my money on something reasonable and high quality, enough said. I think that some animal testing is important for product development, especially for medicines and pharmaceuticals Better quality consumer good. Me changing preference doesn’t do anything to overall market. I don’t care about animal testing Lipstick testing on animals isn’t that bad I want the best product Yes I want animals to be treated right but I don’t think about it enough to actively choose products that are not tested on animals Would rather donate directly to a group that supports those stances than use a low-quality product for long-term use. I will buy whatever is the most efficient meaning less expensive and works good. Brand 1 is a higher quality, less expensive product brand 1 is better quality and is cheaper. It is economically more beneficial for me regardless of what the company does. It is more cost effective and fulfills my needs better. Animal testing is necessary to ensure the safety of products for humans I’m paying the lowest price The quality and price are the most important factors As long as the animals are not harmed Due to the lack of notice of the fact that the 1st brand conducts animal testing. Quality I think in this case I would, just because I have a stronger stance of animal testing and although it would be best if they were environmentally friendly, under the assumption that I have to stay in the market, the benefits from a high quality product and preferences outweigh my stance on this I don't have a strong opinion about animal testing It’s cheaper and is a higher quality product. nan Brand 1 more directly fulfills my needs and while animal testing may be unnecessary for cosmetics, I still think overall animal testing is a necessary procedure to many biological sciences and don't have strong stance against it. I do not see the down side or the negative effects of it. nan Im cheap