Since it’s not much more expensive, I would probably choose the second product to protect the animals. I’m assuming that “animal testing” implies cruel treatment of animals though. Well if the animal testing was so popular and I'm against it, I am privileged enough to pay a bit more. It's an ugly thing to test stuff out on animals. How can an ugly thing ever help make you pretty? It's nice God has given me an alternative. This directly harms animals which I am against. I would take a quality that is a little lower in quality rather than harm animals. I choose Brand 2 because I’m strongly against animal cruelty. I could not in good faith use a product that hurt an animal first Supporting companies that stand up for good causes is important to me nan I don’t agree with animal testing. If I choose lipstick one, I am supporting the brand that used animal testing.  I would want to support the environmental friendly company over the other. It's just lipstick, having one brand being slightly costlier is only a small disadvantage if it means not supporting animal testing I don’t support animal testing, so I would not want to support a company that does animal testing. Plus, if I continue to support the company that does not perform animal testing, maybe they will get enough revenue to make higher quality products at more affordable prices, just like brand 1! Yesterday, all my troubles seemed so far away, but now it looks a though they’re here to stay Its a lipstick, I can deal with slightly lower quality if it means sending the messages companies need to be wary of their environmental impact. Although it is more expensive the second brand is more environmentally friendly and meets most of my preferences. Environmental friendliness is very important I’ll always support companies who are making the effort to reduce the amount of climate change I would pay more for something made more ethically. ethical Because I do not want my money directly support lab testing on animals Do not believe in testing products on animals, go cruelty free. I try to purchase products that are created by companies that follow practices I agree with. When given the choice, I do not purchase products that have been tested on animals. Especially for the environmental awareness, I would choose brand 2 since it has similar values to my own and is attempting to work for a bigger cause than money gain. Generally, I'd choose a slightly higher priced product that has been produced with some degree of environmental or humanitarian consciousness, accepting the fact that this can equal higher prices. I know what is directly going into the production of the lipstick, and I am against it, so I will not use it. Not worth the money or other costs Brand 2 cause a marginal difference in lipstick quality doesn’t matter to me but animal lives do I’m against animal testing. I would rather support a more morale company Ethical companies need to be supported I would sacrifice a few preferences for the sake of helping the environmentally friendly company I’m willing to pay more if it helps the environment. I typically buy more environmentally friendly products. I don’t believe in animal testing and I try to choose the most environmentally friendly choice. I wouldnt want to support animal cruelty Poor business practices I dont care enough about lipstick to justify animal testing I don’t wear lipstick I can sacrifice a little I can afford to buy a more expensive product that aligns with my morals regarding animal testing on cosmetics. nan Animal testing is bad The quality difference doesn’t make up for sustainability and ethically sourced products I dont need lipstick Animal testing Animal testing should not be supported I want to support the animals I want to make the world a better place nan I’d rather support the environment and lipstick isn’t something I feel I need to be super picky about in terms of quality I’m willing to pay slightly more to support a company that doesn’t engage in animal cruelty I don't have strong preferences for makeup and the environment matters to me! I try to buy eco-friendly products whenever possible.  As long as the product is reasonably effective/priced, I'll likely choose it. Animals and environment are more important than price I want to support the company that is more environmentally friendly and stands against animal testing If I can afford to pay just a little more to support a company that is environmentally friendly and working towards that goal, I don’t mind doing it I like companies who take a stand for environmental friendliness and sometimes seek to purchase their goods over others. Environmental beliefs Lipstick is material and superficial, so there aren’t any enough reasons to sacrifice my morals. nan Animal testing is crucial for the development of some products/drugs, but I do not think makeup justifies it. I would personally buy the second product because I believe that animal rights is worth that slight increase in price. I value the environment and don’t value animal cruelty