If the soup kitchens are hindering the motivation of people to better their lives, I would stop donating to this kitchen and focus my donations elsewhere. As far as I can tell, the study shows that the kitchens are doing more harm than help, so I would donate to a different cause. nan It’s not okay to perpetuate homelessness Poor people should stay poor. If they’re were no poor people, I couldn’t be rich Because giving homeless free things with often keep them homeless I would rather use my money to pay taxes that would allocate funds to homeless relief programs We should find another way of helping the homeless that is more systematic I would begin donating to something that would help get homeless people off the streets. nan I'd look into it more, but it would not be wise to continue paying out to something that is not beneficial. It’s not helping them nan I want to see actual improvement in their lifestyle. People should go find a home and not rely on charitable things all the time I'd redirect my donations somewhere more useful Better if they’re off the street. I would rather donate to something that decreases homelessness Because that system is flawed, I would look for other mechanisms to help the homeless to get back on their feet I would find a way to donate that would help people get off the streets I would donate to causes which would help transition homeless people out of their situation (helping get jobs housing etc.) to improve their situation instead of allowing them to indefinitely remain Free food should only be provided for those unable to work or are trying to get out of homelessness by actively searching for jobs. Otherwise, donating food encourages freeloading. There are more effective ways to spend that money I do not support soup kitchens, social welfare, affirmative action and the extensive leftist programs because they encourage behavior such as described above. These policies are meant for the poor to stay poor. nan I would not initially donate to a soup kitchen. Homeless people should be encouraged to work People should use it as a last resort to getting food not a constant supply It seems like I would be able to find a better place to donate to with better benefits I want to contribute to a cause that ultimately seems effective to long term interests. This is an initiative that is helpful in the short run, but not in the long run. Instead, I could donate to programs that help homeless people improve their lifestyles in the long run Don’t want to give money to a not homeless person I would look for other organizations to give my money to that actively try to get homeless people out of their situation. I think having soul kitchens could still be valuable because it probably saves some lives, but given the supposed research, other organizations would probably more effective at reducing homelessness. nan If its inhibiting their ability to improve themselves theres no reason to support it