Some people will really need the support that they offer even if the majority abuses them. In my understanding the soup kitchen could help those starving, or willing to get themselves out of a rut. I also believe help people. The Catholic Church recently performed a study of colleges across the United States. The researchers surveyed college students - full-time, part-time, and exchange students (assume a perfect sample) to find out their circumstances, including their reason for attending the college. The results of the research supported the hypothesis that those individuals who utilized a college on more than one, singular occasion had dramatically increased likelihood that a student would remain selfish indefinitely. Of those full-time students surveyed, the vast majority were indefinitely selfish and cited the presence of the college as a major reason they were able to continue their selfish lifestyle without immediate pressure to grow up. But some did change! This may not be the case for all of the people who come there and I don’t want to deny someone who needs a meal because of people who may be misusing the facility. Hungry homeless people is much sadder than perennially homeless people I don’t care whatever the statistics show — if someone is hungry, then I want them to be fed. Simple as that. Not having a soup kitchen would be devastating to many homeless people, and I think that the research described should us to do *more* for homeless people to help them out of their situation, not less nan Still helping people I still believe that soup kitchen provide a good service to homeless people and not donating to them is not the way to encourage homeless people to try and find a better living. Regardless of whether it would indirectly prolong homelessness, the soup kitchen is still a source of food for those without access to it While I would not want to encourage a homeless individual to stay homeless indefinitely, I still think soup kitchens are good institutions — you never know who might need it. Additionally, I think I would want to see more research/repeated studies showing the same results to know that this research is true. I don't think the soup kitchen causes them to continue to be homeless. They would have found a symbolic way of finding food to continue being homeless. So I'm happy it is at least a soup kitchen that is reputable. Soup kitchens are still arguably positive At the very least it helps people the first time, those who most likely need the most help Although I don't like enabling people to keep being homeless, I don't want to leave them without any support to survive. The money to help the soup kitchen would help more people than it would hurt. I would but I would lower the amount and don’t the left over to homeless prevention charity I'd much rather people stayed fed than died. Additionally, many homeless people suffer from mental illness, and would be unable to get out of homelessness themselves. It’s not on you to solve the homelessness crisis. I’d you’re helping someone survive it’s worth it Because I would still like to help those who need it but also I would push for programs that supported the homeless to get out of that lifestyle It is good to help out whenever possible. Also, this is not the case for all soup kitchens. nan nan I would continue donating for other patrons of the soup kitchen and look into ways to use part of the donation to help the frequent attendee group. Homelessness is a very complicated situation for individuals subjected to it. It isn’t my job to continue to care for them to the best of my ability. If instead of donating to a soup kitchen I could donate to a group that works to re-stabilize the lives of those experiencing homelessness, I would consider doing that instead. One study on this subject is not enough to convince me that the kitchen is doing net harm. You're still providing a much-needed service in my opinion - there are many factors that are part of homelessness that are not quite taken into account by the question asked to soup kitchen attendees Because my donation is able to assist these people, I would be willing to provide for it. But I would expect some sort of governmental policy to help alleviate the situation to better assist the homeless. How can they even “improve” their situation though? While I don’t understand why they’d prefer to keep being homeless, I still want them to have food. It seems like we (soup kitchen) shouldn’t be the ones to provide the immediate pressure to improve their situation. It is still incredibly useful in the short term. There are lots of reasons that people remain homeless, I do not think an open soup kitchen is the main culprit. I feel bad not supporting it despite this long term negative impact Soup kitchen still helps people, but people will always abuse everything As it stands, there are homeless people depending on the donated food to survive at the current moment. Therefore, I would want to continue offering the support I can. However, I would also want to research ways to help the local community combat homelessness in a manner that can reduce the chance of indefinite homelessness for these people, such as job rehabilitation programs. There's always people in need of help Even the people who use the soup kitchen on one occasion and proceed to improve their lives need to go that one time, and my donation would allow that to happen I still believe they’re helpful. One study is not enough to make me change my mind. There are likely structural reasons why that person is homeless that should be targeted first. even if it allows them to continue to be homeless, they should still have a chance to eat a warm meal instead of not eating to have a bigger incentive to improve their situation. As much as I would want the majority attendees to at least try to find a job and a home, some people are honestly trying to do that. I wouldnt want to walk away from them when they need help. People need to eat This does not mean that with no soup kitchen all these people will suddenly find a job and house Whose to say they will be able to increase their lot in life immediately, a more nuanced approach for solving the problem is probably called for It’s still helping someone nan Maybe they can help a new section where they can do more good. If they cannot then I would not donate and I would make the program myself. Starving people to encourage them to get out of homelessness is not the solution. Proving more resources through the existence of soup kitchens is a better idea. They still need to eat There are some people who cannot, for whatever reason, keep a job and function in normal society. I would continue donating to help those people. nan Helping is always needed Just because someone doesnt get out of homelessness doesnt meant that they shouldnt eat People need to eat There are still people out there who rely on the soup kitchen but are also actively trying to improve their situation. The soup kitchen is still helping people They still need food and I’m not going to force someone into a situation where they may go hungry I want to help There are still people who need our help. Volunteering at the soup kitchen is a charitable way to give back to the community Because if being homeless in itself were so terrible, I doubt they would stop looking to find a home just because it’s easier to get food. Also without the soup kitchen, maybe they would just starve. I don’t really know the reasons behind why they are remaining homeless, and I think it’s better to provide some relief than none at all. Maybe the soup kitchen needs to reevaluate their approach a bit though. The soup kitchen is still a integral philanthropic factor despite the single study's findings. nan Good message I wouldn’t stop donating without more studies conducted on this topic. If the conclusions align with that of CMU, I would probably stop donating. People still have to eat ! Donating to the soup kitchen doesn't cause the issue with homelessness. It supports people who are homeless. I don't want them to feel immediate pressure to improve their situation. If they want to improve their situation then they will, and I will be their supporting them by giving them a meal. It's not my job to force them to fix their lives, all I am doing is helping them through the situation they are in. I would continue donating because although I concede that the results indicate that the soup kitchen may have an effect on one's continuation of a homeless lifestyle, I have bigger concerns that the homeless people, temporarily or longer, stay fed. I still believe it helps many people, whether is prolongs the homelessness or not. One study is often misleading information, and whether or not they continued to remain homeless isnt a good reason to starve people. Additionally, there may be infinitely more reasons on why someone remains homeless unrelated to this. It seems highly doubtful that a soup kitchen’s existence is the cause of a person’s continued homelessness. nan As long as it helps them, whether it be short term or long term, I would be willing to donate. I don't think it is fair to pin someone's decisions to not work towards remedying their homelessness on a soup kitchen. Just because a soup kitchen might remove direct external pressure on an individual to immediately improve their situation, it is ultimately the individual's choice to devote effort towards that goal or not. Who am I to say these people need to pick themselves up by their boot straps and therefore I will stop helping them? My assistance to the soup kitchen was never contingent on frequenters improving their own lives or quality of living. It is worthwhile to give back to the soup kitchen. It still worth helping those people that are homeless stay alive and have a consistent meal. Even if they never escape from poverty it still is worth it to contribute and help out my fellow human. Even if they never want to better there lot in life there are still those few people who rise up from there position in life. nan These people need food no matter what, I am going to help them get it