I feel like it would be a waste of time if we are not actually helping the children learn English. I would probably try and suggest to my boss that we devote more time to actually helping the children as opposed to touring the whole time. I feel like my time and effort would be better placed back home. nan There’s nothing wrong with company vacations/tourism, but the company should be clear that that’s what this is instead of lying to make themselves look good. I wouldn’t go as a form of protest to this deceitfulness Hurricanes I hate travelling. And if I am travelling under false reasons it's even dumber to go. I don't want to go on a trip under false pretenses, it feels gross and I am exploiting the country to feel good about myself for "volunteering" If its not impactful, I don't see the need of doing it I do not think it is ethical to hide sightseeing in volunteering. nan I can go on vacation by myself and I would feel guilty if I told others to go on this trip knowing the circumstances. nan If I explain the unhelpful nature of the voluntourism trip to my boss and they aren't understanding, I don't think I will be able to succeed and grow in the company anyway. There’s no point in going on the trip if you’re just visiting. the company is putting on a facade for this trip as a community effort. I don’t support dishonesty. I would explain my stance on voluntourism and how I don’t support it. I would rather donate directly to a project that I know would benefit the people rather than spend my money to make a marginal difference. Don’t like going on trips nan nan I don’t want to go if I’m not really helping anyone else. If I know that the trip is based in voluntourism then I don't want to participate in it. I'm sure I could explain my reasoning to my boss and they would understand. If I knew that I wouldn't be helping the students, I don't think I could go on the trip knowing that my motives are not genuine. This is providing fake help, and is nicer to have on a profile than to actually help those in need. This is only benefiting the rich visitors nan It seems like a waste of time. If everyone else at the company goes, then they will see for themselves that they aren’t really helping students. nan