Career progression. I can do real volunteering another time but it would be important to make my boss happy. It's like a company paid holiday. I'm not telling myself that I'm going to volunteer. Try to help them, who knows what will happen. Speak the truth to your friends. I don't know if I could do it but that would be nice! Yes, because I can still visit the site and do my best to support in different ways. It would be not be wise to risk my career for this though. Getting in good with the boss could be a good way to get time off to actually help kids in the Dominican Republic, if that’s what I choose to do. I think this can be a win-win if I can suggest additions to the itinerary that would help out with the Dominican Republican students and could even use some of my free time to help them out nan It’s a free trip Still helping kids over doing nothing I would still go on the trip but try to be more helpful to the children instead of sightseeing. Scared to say no to boss I feel that maybe if I agree to go, I can encourage my boss and the company to orient the trip more around volunteering. Also, perhaps while I am there, I can find out more ways and opportunities to help the students. I’m not gonna turn down a free trip to the Dominican Better than doing nothing Tourism is a large percentage of their economy so even if you’re not helping the kids learn you’re positively impacting their economy Its not necessarily harming anyone, and someone else will be going anyway. Along with this I could do something else to help teach people or support the communities, just not in this case. I could still try to talk to my boss about adding more teaching to the program but it is also mandatory for the company and don't want to lose my job. Sometimes you have to do things hat you don't want to do or suck up to people to get what/where you want in life Visiting the country still helps the country even if you are doing minimal volunteering Though this won't really help people, it won't hurt anyone and would improve my standing in the company. I don’t like the laurels but it sounds like a free vacation so Ask to change the trip to include more teaching and make the time that you are teaching impactful. Because if you do not they are still going to send people on this trip so might as well go and implement change nan While the trip falls short of its intended goals, this does not negate the positive benefits of going on this trip. Not going on the trip would not impact the outcomes at all. Instead, I should talk with management about the trip and it's structure. I would go in order to make an effort to change the culture to volunteerism more than voluntourism. It would take someone familiar with the trip to truly understand how I change it and make it better I'd probably go and try to voice my opinion on what we are doing, which I'd probably be in a better position to do from the trip than I would if I'd stayed back I think it benefits my experiences, and I would suggest to make the best modifications to the trip and provide more chances to volunteer. Even if not helping to the fullest extent, you are still contributing and your boss will like you nan If I don’t go, these kids will receive 0 help and I’ll miss out on the trip with friends too. I don’t think it’s good, I would probably speak up about changing the trip for next year, but I would enjoy the sightseeing so I think I would go. It's better than just sitting at home not helping anyone It does no harm to me. Besides, I can work harder when I teach the kids to make up for the minimal time. I like sight seeing still! Even helping a little bit is good You can always speak to the boss about chaning the itinerary Choosing not to go on the trip seems like a form of protest regarding the lack of actual impact on the students in the Dominican Republic. However, choosing to skip the trip would likely bring about little change about the setup of the trip. Instead, I would voice my own dissatisfaction of the trip being more about "voluntourism" instead of volunteerism, and that I am not happy about the lack of actual teaching we are providing to the students. I would then still choose to go, and do my best to make the most of the lessons and try to leave an actual impact on the students. I could personally care less about the sightseeing. Sounds like a good experience If selected, I would probably still go but also try to find a way to give more Even if the trip does not helpt the students, it does not seem to hurt them. However, it would benefit me. Gaining favor with the boss, and perhaps a promotion, would give me more opportunities to go abroad in my own time to help people If you frame it as just a vacation, then it's my boss taking me on vacation. I'm cool with that. A required vacation? I see no issue. Someone else would go on it in my place and I wouldnt gain anything by not going even if it doesn’t focus on the kids, you can still make the most of the time you have with the children and maybe talk to your boss after and recommend that next year it focus more on the teaching since this is a trip you’ve gone on twice and you don’t believe it to be true to the kids. I would try to stay behind and actually help the kids learn rather than stick to just sightseeing Still see first hand Its still better than doing nothing and I want to please my boss Because if I’m on the trip I can still make the best of helping, where as maybe someone would slack of more and not take the teaching as seriously It would benefit myself and then for the little time I spend with them nan I can make a difference. Still help as best as I can Funny enough, I am going on a trip to DR with Outreach360 to do this exact thing this spring break. Any short term volunteering trip rarely impacts the people there. The purpose of these trips is almost always to broaden the scope of the people traveling to these new cultures and environment. Any experience outside of America is good for people to have a better understanding of being outside america. It’s required but I would try to offer suggestions to change it nan Abstaining probably won’t do anything to alter the decision of the entire company. It would be better to bring up the issue another time I will still go from a tourist standpoint it is a good opportunity but maybe I would talk to the boss about this or encourage more of the teaching sessions be held Good favor with boss and attempt to make the best of trip to help people Everyone else is going It’s still a good experience and I could talk to the boss about tweaking the itinerary to be more impactful I want to go sightseeing I would still help a little and not going would definitely not help anything I still want the experience The trip will still happen regardless if I go or not. Maybe while I’m there, I’ll coordinate other activities that focus on helping the children. By not going, nothing will change. I am basically getting a paid vacation. This trip is important to my boss The money spent there will help the economy and it isn’t hurting anyone Personally I understand that this trip is not the best, but I would talk to the boss. In addition, if I truly wanted to help kids in the Donovan learn English I would do it more on my own time or join an organization whose main goal is that. I do not want to do that and would go as a paid vacation, using this opportunity for self-benefit because it is provided. I would still talk to the boss and ask for more involvement. I don’t see anything wrong with being a tourist, but I might talk with my boss about labelling it something other than volunteering or changing the focus of the trip. If they are completely adamant about it and dismiss my objection as ridiculous, then I wouldn’t go because I would not feel obliged to show support for the company. Regardless of what the trip is framed as, some benefit to these kids is still better than none. If the company has chosen to structure it predominantly as a vacation, why would I decline that? It helps my standing in the company and the actual resources I have at hand won’t make a dent in social issues of DR Take advantage of an opportunity to essentially vacation. Completely discounting the volunteer aspect of it I would do my best to attepmt to interact with the students more Shows that you are engaged in your community I would go on the trip in order to benefit myself; however, I will talk with my boss after or even before the trip to provide constructive feedback on how tourism shouldn’t be the objective of this trip I think being able to go would allow me to find other ways in which I could help students there and understand the culture better so that I could potentially influence this trip being more volunteerism instead of voluntourism. Sometimes, in order to change the system, you have to understand it.  If I am committed to the cause of changing what the trip is like, I should better understand what it already is. I would still go on the trip and try my best to help the most I can. You can discuss with your boss your feelings, and you are at least being somewhat impactful It is still a good experience The scenario makes it seem as though there are no benefits to not going on the trip, but that the trip just doesn’t fill it’s stated purpose. It seems like it would be better to go and be ineffective at helping and develop stronger work relationships than not go at all and still not be helping people but also not be helping your relationships either. I would just see the trip as a vacation. While people may be delusional in thinking they are more helpful than they actually are, I don't see the trip as necessarily harmful because it just doesn't live up to as much as it's intended to. I think voluntourism in general gets a bad rap but I think it's fine as long as the patrons of the trip don't assume themselves to be some sort of saving entity like without them the children of the Dominican Republic could not learn English. I can enjoy a trip from time to time It still is beneficial for my job and priorities to go. While I am not helping the students it is not harmful to them. nan Vacation time. Theres no advantage to not going anyways, in fact you lose if you dont go. so why not It’s not like not going on the trip will help the kids any more than going on the trip